		     SuperMix ver 1.6 Readme File

			 Welcome to SuperMix!

Clearly you have successfully decompressed and installed at least some
of the SuperMix library directory structure. The directory containing
this readme file should be the parent directory of the complete
SuperMix library, and is probably named "supermix". This directory
should at least have the following subdirectories:

    examples/   include/   lib-src/   makefiles/

This directory must also include a file named "Makefile". It may also
include one or more subdirectories with names like "test/", "obj/" or
"obj.sparc-sun-solaris/".


			How Do I Get Started?

From the SuperMix parent directory (the one containing this readme
file) execute "make lib". This will build the library for your
machine, putting the compiled object code in a subdirectory named
either "obj" or possibly "obj.<machine>", where <machine> identifies
your machine type.

Now read the README file in the supermix/examples/ subdirectory and go
through the example programs.

To use the SuperMix library in your own projects, copy the Makefile
from one of the subdirectories of supermix/examples/ into the
directory containing your project code. Then edit the following lines
of the Makefile: 
    SUPERMIXDIR = 
    EXES =
    DEPEND =

Following the "SUPERMIXDIR = ", replace the given path with the
correct directory path to this SuperMix parent directory. Following
the "EXES = ", enter the name of the programs you wish to compile. The
make program will then look for files with these names appended with
".cc" in order to find your source code. The "DEPEND = " line may be
edited to add any files such as local header files on which your
program depends.

Once these changes to the Makefile are saved, you should be able to
just execute "make" and your programs will be compiled. If you wish,
you can also execute "make myprogram", etc., in which case make will
look for a file named "myprogram.cc" to compile and link with the
SuperMix library. The resulting executable file will be named
"myprogram". Of course, you can use whatever name you want instead of
"myprogram"!


	  What are the System Requirements to Use SuperMix?

SuperMix is designed to run under Unix or Linux. To compile and run
programs using the SuperMix class library, you must have:

     g++           The GNU C/C++ compiler ver 3.2 or later
     make          The GNU version of Make, ver 3.75 or later

Both tools are copyright The Free Software Foundation, and are
available on most systems.

YOU MUST USE GNU MAKE TO USE THE MAKEFILES INCLUDED IN THIS LIBRARY!!!
Check your version of make by entering "make -ver". If the result is
not "GNU Make version 3.75, ... <etc,etc>", then talk to your system
administrator.


			  What is SuperMix?

SuperMix is an extensive C++ software library written to aid in the
design and optimization of high-frequency circuits.

Containing over 48,000 lines of extensively-documented source code,
the SuperMix class library and its associated programs allow users to
write, compile, and run sophisticated circuit simulations of arbitrary
complexity. By representing circuit components as C++ class objects,
the library provides for natural, nearly self-documenting code which
reads more like a circuit description than a program.  Although
primarily intended for superconducting submillimeter circuit design,
SuperMix provides a complete set of circuit elements suitable for
frequency-domain simulations from DC to the terahertz range. Its
lumped elements include detailed HEMT transistor models as well as
passive components. Its high frequency distributed elements include
standard components such as transmission lines, hybrids, attenuators,
etc.

What sets SuperMix apart, however, is its inclusion of SIS
quasiparticle tunnel junctions and physical transmission line
components such as microstrip and CPW lines. The physical transmission
line objects can be built up from layers of normal metal and
superconducting films and real dielectrics. These components are
specified by their material characteristics and dimensions which
SuperMix uses to determine electrical behavior.

SuperMix can perform full harmonic balance calculations of SIS
quasiparticle receiver designs of arbitrary complexity as well as
mixer gain and noise analyses using any number of harmonics and
including any number of superconducting tunnel junctions.

SuperMix performs circuit calculations using a wave matrix
representation and automatically includes full noise calculations. It
can freely convert results between wave and impedance or admittance
representations. SuperMix includes a sophisticated multiparameter
optimizer.  Users can quickly tailor the optimizer's error function to
their exact needs; the optimizer can then control any set of device
parameters in order to refine a circuit design. To achieve this level
of flexibility, SuperMix contains a rather complete numerical math
library for manipulation of complex-valued matrix, vector, and scalar
functions and objects. It includes robust linear algebra,
interpolation, integration, root finding, and minimization routines.

SuperMix includes a large set of formatted input and output routines
for complex-valued matrix and vector data. SuperMix can construct
interpolated circuit elements from Touchstone formatted data. If the
provided routines are inadequate for a specific application, the user
can easily add to the input/output capabilities using an extensive set
of primitives. Of course, since the user creates simulations by
writing a C++ program, the full capabilities of the standard C++ class
libraries are available as well.


		     Where is the Documentation?

You're looking at it! Seriously, currently the only documentation
consists of the contents of the supermix/examples/ subdirectory tree
as well as the extensive commenting in the many header files in the
supermix/include/ subdirectory. The example programs refer to the
header files when appropriate.


		    How Do I Contact The Authors?

The SuperMix source code is copyright California Institute of
Technology, Pasadena, CA, USA. It is being developed and maintained by
members of the Submillimeter Astrophysics Group at Caltech.

The SuperMix web site is:
    http://www.submm.caltech.edu/supermix/

Send bug reports, additions to the code, complaints, praise, or
whatever to:
    supermix@submm.caltech.edu

